[ Dramatic music plays ]
TV: Cynthia,,,

Jerry: Oh, my God, No, No,

Summer: I told you,

Beth: Hold on, ,,,Will you please,,, not marry me?

TV: I chose Veronica,

Summer: What?!

Jerry: Yes!

Beth: Called it,

Summer: Why would he chose
Veronica?


Jerry: Because he loves her?

Rick: Well, if it's any consolation, Summer, none of it mattered and the entire show was stupid,

Jerry:
Okay, I've got an idea, Rick,
You show us your concept of good TV, and we'll crap all over that,

Rick: Thought you'd never ask,

Jerry: Hey,

Morty: Oh, cool,
Is that crystallized xanthanite?
It conducts electrons across dimensions,
Rick: 20% accurate as usual,
Morty,
The important thing being,
I just upgraded our cable package with programing from every conceivable reality,

Jerry: Wait, Does that mean we get Showtime Extreme?

Rick: How about Showtime
Extreme in a world where man evolved from corn?

TV Corn 1: We're not so different,
We're both corn of action,

TV: Corn 2:Yeah, but one of us is dead is dead corn!

Summer: Boring

Rick: Summer you just spent three months watching a man chose a fake wife,

Jerry: So, what, it'd be better if the people were corn?

Rick: Jerry, you don't get it,
This is infinite TV from infinite universes,
Look,

Glen: This shit is delicious,

Rick: A movie about a guy eating shit,
A violent antique show,

Letterman: It's a pleasure to have you,

Actor Jerry: The pleasure's all mine,
 
Rick: Letterman from a timeline where Jerry's famous,

Jerry: Wait!

Beth: What in the hell?

Rick: I agree,
Where is this going?

Jerry: No, the other thing!
Go back,

Rick: Really? All right, fine,

Woman: Glen, this is a court order,
It says you can't eat shit anymore,

Rick: All right, Jerry,
When you're right, you're right,
Now I'm hooked,

Announcer: Coming up next on
"Shmloo's the Shmloss,"
Shmlony has a nightmare,

Shmlony: Shmlantha! Shmlona!

Rick: Amazing -- a dimension where all proper nouns begin with "Shmla,"

Shmlony: Shmla -- shmlangela?
Shmlonathan?

Rick: All right, that actually got old pretty quick,

Jerry: Rick, will you please go back to me on "David Letterman"?

Rick: Infinity's a big number,
Jerry,
I don't remember the channel,

Summer: Ah! Go back! Go back!

Rick: Geez,
Actor Jerry: You speak the true-true,

Summer: Oh, my God,
Dad's in "Cloud Atlas"!

Jerry: I'm in "Cloud Atlas"!
What's "Cloud Atlas"?

Actor Jerry: sometimes, small true-true different than the big true-true,

Beth: How is this possible?

Rick: Infinite timelines, infinite possibilities, including a timeline where Jerry's a movie star,
Look, you guys are getting excited about the wrong aspect to this device,
Wha -- look at this,

Announcer: And now, another quick mystery,

Cop: I just want to know who could have done something like this,
It's a travesty,

Gansta: I did, See this knife and all the blood on it?
Here's my fingerprints,

Judge: Guilty, I sentence you to life in prison,

Announcer: Here's another quick mystery,

Victim's Son: My mother's dead,

Killer: And I killed her,
Here's the weapon, and cuff me,
Thank you very much,

Judge: Guilty, Sentenced to murder,

[ Chokes, gag ]

Announcer: Here's another,

Killer: I'm the killer,

Announcer: Oh, wow, that one was really quick, wasn't it?

Rick: Now, who wants to watch random, crazy tv shows from different dimensions, and -- and then who wants to narcissistically obsess about their alternate selves?

Jerry: I want to obsess about myself,

Rick: [ Sighs ]
Here, these scan your retinas and let you view parallel timelines through genetically matching versions of your eyes,
Go fetch,

Summer: This is so cool,

Beth: Ladies first,

Rick: I'm proud of you Morty 

Morty: Hey, man,
I don't give a crap about myself, Rick,
Let's watch some crazy stuff, yo,

Ants in my Eyes Johnson: I'm Ants in my Eyes Johnson, here at
Ants in my Eyes Johnson's
Electronics,
I mean, there's so many ants in my eyes,
And there's so many TV, microwaves, radios, I think,
I can't -- I'm not 100% sure what we have here in stock because I can't see anything,
Our prices, I hope, aren't too low,
Check out this refrigerator, only $200,
What about this microwave?
Only $100, That's fair,
I'm Ants in my Eyes Johnson,
Everything's black,
I can't see a thing,
And also, I can't feel anything, either, Did I mention that?
But that's not as catchy as having ants in your eyes, so that always goes, you know, off by the wayside,
I can't feel,
It's a very rare disease,
All my -- all my nerves, they don't allow for the sensation of touch, so I never know what's going on,
Am I standing, sitting?
I don't know,

Beth: Are we sure we want to do this -- look at our own alternate lives?

Jerry: You're right, Maybe we should just play yahtzee,
Give me those,

[ Beeping ]

Beth: What do you see?

Jerry: Whiteness -- pure whiteness,

[ Snorting ]

Johnny Depp: You're my best friend,
Jerry Smith,
I love doing cocaine with you,

Jerry: Whoa, I love doing cocaine with you, too, Johnny Depp,

Beth: Haven't we spent enough time on you?
I'm performing surgery... but not on a horse -- on a human,

Jerry: That's great, Beth,
You always wanted to be a real surgeon,

Beth: I am a real surgeon,

Jerry: Uh... Summer's turn,

Summer: Finally,

[ Beeping ]

Summer: I don't see anything,

Beth: Well, you should select a different timeline,
I mean, if your father and I achieved our dreams, there's a chance you weren't even born,
That came out wrong,
That came out very wrong,

Summer: Fine, I'll find a world where you bothered to have me,

[ Beeping ]

Summer: We're playing yahtzee,

Beth: Yahtzee's fun,
We love Yahtzee,

Jerry: It's a fun game for fun families,
Hey, could I get those goggles back ?

Commercial Voiceover: It's a 45-horsepower with antilock brakes, and it's the official car of
"Mr, Sneezy 3D,"
It's the brand-new Sneezy XL,
The horn, when you honk it, makes a sneeze noise,
It's polite, it's right, and it's sneezy, deezy Mc... deluxe,

Mr. Sneezy: I'm Mr, Sneezy,

Morty: Huh, seems like TV from other dimensions has a somewhat looser feel to it,

Rick: Yeah, it's got an almost improvisational tone,

Trailer Announcer: It's in theaters now,
Coming this Summer,
Two brothers in a van, and then a meteor hits,
And they ran as fast as they could from giant cat monsters,
And then a giant tornado came,
And that's when things got knocked into 12th gear,
A Mexican Armada shows up, with weapons made from t-tomatoes,
And you better bet your bottom dollar that these two brothers know how to handle business in
"Alien invasion tomato monster"
Mexican Armada Brothers, who are just regular brothers, running in a van from an asteroid and all sort of things:
The movie,"
Hold on, There's more,
Old women are coming, and they're also in the movie,
And they're gonna come and cross attack these two brothers,
But let's get back to the brothers, because they're -- they have a strong bond,
You don't want to know about it here, but I'll tell you one thing,
The moon -- it comes crashing into Earth,
And what do you do then?
It's two brother and -- and they're gonna -- it's called "Two brothers,"
"Two brothers,"
It's just called
"Two brothers,"

Beth: Holy crap,
I am winning a Nobel Prize,

Jerry: Come on, Time's up,
I'm taming a lion,
No, wait,
There are film cameras,
I might be a lion tamer in a movie,
You get the idea,
I work with lions,

[ Beeping ]

Summer:
Ohh, we're not playing Yahtzee,
We're playing
Chutes and Ladders,
Seems like when I exist, life gets a little more --
I don't know -- predictable?

Beth: When two people create a life together, they set aside their previous lives as individuals,

Jerry: Give me a break,
We're not heroes for having unprotected sex on prom night,

Beth: Oh, I get it,
Now that you know you could have had it better, you resent me for holding you back,

Jerry: Well, now that we know you think the tables are turning, we know you thought there were unturned tables,

Beth: What are you talking about?

Jerry: All this time, you've been thinking,
"What if that loser, Jerry, hadn't talked me out of the abortion?"
Well, now you know you'd be a doctor,
Whoop-de-do,
You'd also be drinking wine alone in a house full of exotic birds,
And I'd be on Dicaprio's yacht, banging Kristen Stewart,

Summer: You thought about getting an abortion?

Beth: Everyone thinks about it,
Obviously, I'm the version of me that didn't do it, so you're welcome,

Jerry: Yeah, you're welcome,

Summer: Yeah, thank you guys so much,
It's a real treat to be raised by parents that forced themselves to be together instead of being happy,

Rick: Hey, do we have any wafer cookies?
Mmm! Oh, boy,
Looks like you guys have been checking out alternate lives and realizing you don't have it as good, huh?
That's too bad,
You know, me and Morty are having a blast,
We just discovered a show called
"Ball Fondlers,"
I mean, I don't want to rub it in or anything, but you guys clearly backed the wrong conceptual horse,

Rick: I'm in heaven right now,

Morty: This might be the best day of my life,

Beth: So, now what do we do?

Jerry: That show "Ball Fondlers" sounded kind of interesting,

Summer: Dad!

Jerry: What?! they're having fun in there,
What do you guys want from me?
Every family on this block has to wonder if they're together by choice,
Our family just has interdimensional goggles to show us for a fact that we're not,

Summer: Well, I'm leaving,

Beth: You can't leave,
You're 17,

Summer: Yeah, and I'm not pregnant,
I'm gonna have better judgment than you guys had at my age,
I'm gonna move to the southwest and... I don't know, do something with turquoise,

SNL Announcer: It's "Saturday Night Live,"
Starring a piece of toast, two guys with handlebar mustaches, a man painted silver who makes robot noises,
Gar ma nar nar, three, um, um, um,,,
I'll get back to that one, a hole in the wall where the men can see it all, and returning for his
25th consecutive year,
Bobby Moynihan!

Rick: Interesting fun fact --
Moynihan and a piece of toast hate each other,
Apparently, they've got some real creative differences,

Fakedoor salesman: Hey, are you tired of real doors cluttering up your house, where you open them and you actually go somewhere, and you go into another room?
Get on down to real fake doors,
That's us,
Fill a whole room up with them,
See, watch, Check this out,
Won't open,
Won't open,
Not this one,
Not this one,
None of them open,
Fakedoors,com is our website, so check it out for a lot of really great deals on fake do-o-o-o-rs!

Morty: Hey, wait a minute, Rick,
I thought this was a commercial,
What's going on?

Rick: Relax, Morty,
Don't -- don't worry about it,
Let's just see where this goes,

Fakedoor salesman: Step on it!
We all get places to be!
Son of a bitch,

Morty: Oh, that must be where he lives,
Okay,

Rick: Huh,
He's making himself a sandwich now,

Fakedoor salesman: Hey, everybody,
So, this is my house,
Just made a sandwich -- peanut butter and jelly,
Still here, still selling fake doors,

Morty: What?

Rick: Oh, my god,
It's still the commercial,

Fakedoor salesman: We have fake doors like you wouldn't believe,
What are you worried about?
Come get fake doors,
Call us up and order some fake doors today,
Don't even hesitate, don't even worry,
- and don't even --
Rick: All right, I'm bored,
Change it,

Morty: Wait, wait, Rick,
Hold on, hold on,

Fakedoor salesman: That's our slogan,
See it on the bottom of the screen below our name,
Here's another slogan right below that one,
What are you worried about?
Come get fake doors,
Get in here quick, get out quicker with an arm of fake doors in your arms,

Morty: Okay, okay, you can change it,

Fakedoor salesman: Don't even worry about it,

[ Yawn ]

Gazorpazorpfield: I hate mamumanums-days, and I really could go for some enchiladas,
Morty:
Hey, Rick, that's pretty cool,
It's just like garfield, only instead it's Gazorpazorpfield,

Rick: Hey, isn't Gazorpazorp where -- where those sex robots came from?
Remember that whole thing?

Morty: Yeah, Hey, that's a pretty -- pretty -- that's true,
That's right,

Rick: Yeah,
Let's watch some more
Gazorpazorpfield,

Gazorpazorpfield: Hey, John,
It's me, Gazorpazorpfield,
Boy [ Bleep ] you, John, you [ Bleep ] dumb, stupid idiot,

John: Come on, Gazorpazorpfield,
Go easy on me, huh?

Gazorpazorpfield: You dumb, stupid, weak, pathetic, white, white, uh... guilt -- white-guilt milquetoast piece of human garbage,

John: Geez, Gazorpazorpfield, that's -- you know, you're pretty mean to me, but that takes the cake,

Gazorpazorpfield: I don't give a [ Bleep ]
I'm Gazorpazorp[ Bleep ]field, bitch,
Now give me my [ Bleep ]
Enchiladas,

Morty: Hey, Rick, you know, did they use Bill Murray for this?
Sounds a lot like Bill Murray,

Rick: No, Morty, it's Lorenzo Music,
In this reality, he's still alive,

Morty: Oh, okay,
Was his name "Lorenzo Music"?

Rick: Yeah, I'm pretty sure,
He also did the voice of that one guy from "Ghostbusters," which is really strange because it's the same character
Bill Murray played in the movie,
But then, when they made the movie,
Bill murray did the voice of Gazorpazorp--
or Garfield, I mean,

Morty: Yeah, that's pretty cool, Rick,
So all that happened in this reality, too?

Rick: I don't know,
Just making conversation with you, Morty,
What, you think I'm a -- I'm --
I know everything about everything?

Beth: Did you really talk me out of the abortion?

Jerry: Well, we -- we blew a tire on the way to the clinic,

Beth: I think, in my head,
I was doing it all for the kids,
And now the first kid is going to do something with turquoise,

Jerry: Which is either code for crystal meth or a gateway to it,

Beth: So we didn't do the kids any favors,
So we should stay together for each other and ourselves or...

Jerry: Or...

Political Ad: Man, woman, and now trunkman?
We know science has created men that have a trunk that allows them to have sex with both male and female partners,
But we don't like the idea of these people getting married,
Put a line in the sand, everybody,
Vote "No" on proposition XW2,
The act that says trunk people can get married,
Who needs it?
Not on my watch,
Paid for by Michael Denny and the Denny singers,

Trunkperson: Hi, I'm a trunkperson, and I want --
I feel love in my heart, too, just like you,
I want to be able to express that love with both a man and a woman,
And I won't be able to if Denny and the Denny singers get their way,
Hey, let the trunkpeople have sex and get married, huh?
Paid for by trunkpeople,

Mr. Tophat Jones: Oh, I love me strawberry sniggles,
Ooh, I hope nobody ever gets my hands on me and tries to steal my strawberry smiggles,
I'm gonna eat every last one of them, because -- and then they'll be in my stomach, and nobody will ever be able to eat them,
Except for me, because they're gonna be all inside my stomach,
Um, my name is
Mr, Tophat Jones, and God forbid anyone ever take my sner-- little-people snibbles,
I'm keeping them all for me,
Mmm, Mmm,
Last bite,
Oh, now they're all resting comfortably in my stomach,
Ooh, am I feeling good,
No! Get away from me!
Get away from me!
There's no more strawberry snibbles -- no!
[ Chokes, sputt ]
Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ!
It hurts!
My entrails are out!
Why would you even want to eat these?
They're soaked with my stomach acid,
Oh, Jesus Christ, lord, savior, and spirit, save me,
Take me to the light,
Oh, my God, I see demons,
I see demons are coming!

Morty: Geez, Rick, Oh, my God,
That's some pretty hard-core stuff, you know, for a cereal commercial,

Rick: Well, you know, Morty
I mean, you want to sell boxes of cereal, you got to pump the gas a little,
Pedal to the metal, Morty,

Trailer Announcer: In a world where muscular mannies are coming, and they're coming strong, there's only three unmuscular michaels,
Get down, Hurry, Run,
[ Screeching ]
And that's when real turbulent juice is coming, and you got to take care of it,
With Turbulent juice, turbulent tables, no room is safe from the turbulent power of Turbulent juice,

Morty: What in the hell?

Rick: Sex sells, Morty,

Morty: Sex sells what?
Was that a movie or, like, does it clean stuff?

Jerry: [ Sighs ]

Morty: Hey, dad,

Jerry: God,

Morty: What's going on?

Jerry: Well, your mother and I are gonna be spending some time apart,
Morty,
And your sister found out she was an unwanted pregnancy,

Morty: What?

Rick: Speaking of what, Morty what should we watch next?
What about this?
Detective: Babylegs, you're a good detective,
But not good enough, because of your baby legs,
So I'm partnering you up with regular legs,

Regular Legs: Hey, there,

Baby Legs: Detective, I'm -- this is upsetting to me, because I feel like
I don't need no regular-leg partner,

Detective: Babylegs, don't talk back to me,
Good luck, you two,
There's a criminal to kill,

[ Slurp ]

Regular Legs: Wow, you sure found this guy quick,

Baby Legs: Uh, yeah, because I'm a good detective,

Regular Legs: Look, Babylegs,
It's the criminal,

Killer: Oh [ Bleep ] I'm the killer,
I'm running,
I'm running real quick,

Baby Legs: Babylegs, here we go!
That's the sound I make when I'm trying to run fast,
All right,
I'm not gonna get him,
I just learned a real valuable lesson,

Regular Legs: I'm coming, Babylegs,
I'm... regular legs,

[ Grunt ]
Regular Legs: We got him,

Baby Legs: Hey, that was good teamwork,

Detective: Babylegs and regular legs,
I'm proud of you two for working together,
And, Babylegs, I know it was hard for you to come to the conclusion that you need a partner, but I'm proud of you that you did it,

Baby Legs: Hey, thanks, chief,

Detective: Now get the [ Bleep ] out of here,

Rick: Pretty cool, huh, Morty?

Jerry: I thought it was cool,

Rick: I don't give a [ Bleep ]
What you think, Jerry,

[ Click ]

Morty: Hey, uh, y-you doing okay?
I kind of know how you feel,
Summer,

Summer: No, you don't,
You're the little brother,
You're not the cause of your parents misery,
You're just a symptom of it,

Morty: Can I show you something?

Summer: Morty, no offense, but a drawing of me you made when you were 8 isn't gonna make me feel like less of an accident,

Morty: That out there?
That's my grave,

Summer: Wait, what?

Morty: On one of our adventures,
Rick and I basically destroyed the whole world, so we bailed on that reality, and we came to this one,
Because in this one, the world wasn't destroyed,
And in this one, we were dead,
So we came here and -- and we buried ourselves, and we took their place,
And every morning, Summer,
I eat breakfast 20 yards away from my own rotting corpse,

Summer: So you're not my brother?

Morty: I'm better than your brother,
I'm a version of your brother you can trust when he says "Don't run,"
Nobody exists on purpose,
Nobody belongs anywhere,
Everybody's gonna die,
Come watch TV,

Trailer Announcer: Mrs, Sullivan always planned to leave everything to her cats,
But sometimes, plans need a helping paw,

[ Thunder rumbles ]

Trailer Announcer: What are the kitties to do but buckle together and work as a team?

Lawyer: Mrs, Sullivan, I -- please, forgive me for being forward, but your eyes are so beautiful,

[ Cats ]

Jerry: Wait, This is an actual movie?

Trailer Announcer: This fall, sparks will fly...

[ Moaning ]

Lawyer: Mrs, Sullivan, Ohh, 

Trailer Announcer: Between one guy who can't get a break 

Lawyer: there's something about you,
Mrs, Sullivan, 

Trailer Announcer: And nine cats who break all the rules,
"Last will and testi-meow:
Weekend at dead cat lady's house II,"

Jerry: Well, somebody in hollywood just lost their job,

Trailer Announcer: Written and directed by
Jerry Smith,

Jerry: I wrote and directed that?
What am I, nuts?

Rick: Oh, hey, Morty,
You just missed a preview
for your dad's "Citizen kane,"

Morty: Doesn't matter,

Jerry: Hey, if your mother and I had to split custody,
who would you guys chose?

Summer: Doesn't matter,

Reporter: Breaking news -- academy award-winning actor Jerry smith is leading police on a slow-speed pursuit after suffering an apparent breakdown,

Jerry: Don't even think about it,

Rick: Come on,
Are you kidding me, Jerry?
It's just a bunch of dumb tabloid crap,

Jerry: It's my life, and we're watching it,

Beth: You did it, Beth,
You really nailed it,
You're a surgeon -- a human surgeon,
Yay, you win,
[ Slurps ]

Jerry: Where the hell am I going?

Rick: Wh-- what are you asking me for, Jerry?
I'm sitting here trying to figure out why the cops don't just take you out,
I mean they got a clear shot to your head,
I can't believe our tax dollars pay for this,

[ Doorbell rings ]

Beth: Jerry?
Jerry smith?

Actor Jerry: Beth Sanchez, I have been in love with you since high school,
I hate acting, I hate cocaine,
I hate Kristen Stewart,
I wish you hadn't gotten that abortion, and I've never stopped thinking about what might have been,

♪ Give me a name ♪
♪ Hear my faith ♪
♪ Seal my fate ♪
♪ And when you breathe ♪
♪ You breathe for two ♪

Rick: Hey, "Ball Fondlers"?
Huh, "Ball Fondlers"?

Summer: Yeah, I could go for some "Ball Fondlers,"

Morty: Yeah, "Ball Fondlers,"

[ Metal music playing ]
Aah!

Hamster Reporter: Ha ha, hamster in Butt world weather is done, and now it's sports time coming up,
Oh, hello, there,
Good day to you, miss,

Beth: So, the hamster live inside the rectums of those people?

Rick: Yes, sweetie,
That's where the live,

Jerry: Well, how does that work? I mean, do the butts look like little apartments inside?

Morty: Yeah, and can they leave the butt and, like,
walk around on their own?

Rick: Look, I don't know,
I'm watching the same thing you guys are,

Summer: Grandpa Rick, if they leave the butt and the person wanders off, how would they find their butt person again?

Rick: I don't know, Summer,
I can't even hear the TV,
All right, that's it,
We're just gonna go there so you idiots can ask your stupid questions all day,

Jerry: Ooh, family vacation!

